"There's no results in whether if you were close to the percentage or not and they never got the opinion of the students whether or not if it was easier looking at the screen or in person."
"It might be a sampling error, also people may accidentally grab the wrong model and list the wrong one."
"The people who did the experiment could have made errors while doing the experiment."
NA
NA
"A source of error that I could think of is some people might have worse eyesight than others. Also, a source of error could be that at the beginning of the experiment it would be easy to be confused on what to judge and it is tough to judge the blocks on a screen."
"Some individuals may show bias toward rounding numbers or common numbers used in society (i.e. advertisements that show only 10’s as discounts ( 40% off, 50% off, etc.))."
"Possible bias or selection error within the participants.

One error I also thought of is that if the 3D bar charts don't come out as accurate as the 2D charts, it could skew the results to not be as accurate as desired. So I would classify it as a \"design error\""
"Maybe not all students participated

maybe more students used one type of bag than others"
"People may be guessing, without taking much thought or speeding through the experiment. It also may be hard for certain people to make these guesses, if they aren't spatially aware. "
"A source of error that could have been involved in this experiment is if a participant accidently got the wrong kit and typed in a different kit and then the answers would not match up to the correct way the experiment should have been done. Another error that could have occured is if the participants looked at the right answer and then just matched their answer with the correct answer since it was shown while taking the test."
"All the students participating in this experiment may not be the same age or grade level. This could have a very slight difference on the results if some students are more educated than others."
"There could be random error involved or personal errors. "
"Sources of error could include the student's willingness to participate in the study. If they didn't want to participate, they wouldn't have put in their full effort for the study because they didn't care enough to try. "
"A potential source of error would be if someone grabbed the wrong bag or entered the wrong number, and they were getting all the answers incorrect because it wasn't the same kit. "
"Only sampling statistics students instead of a random sample of UNL students. Some students may have learning disabilities which the experiment didn't accommodate for."
"I think there could be confusion about which bar to read during the presentation, especially with the 3D graph. There might also be errors from subjects using things to help them estimate the ratio since there are no experimenters present.  "
"Physical damage to props"
"Order effects: The order that a student is exposed to different types of graphs could influence their responses.
Response bias: Students may have provided responses they believe are expected rather than genuine reactions."
"I feel like human error could always come into play in an experiment. For example, when I was completing this, I think I might have been recording the wrong data. I was just kind of confused on what we were supposed to be doing/ what was being measured and I could not tell how to properly gage how much of a difference there was between the graphs. They also had to make creative adjustments to try and replicate the Cleveland and McGill study. "
"If stats 218 students did not complete the study. (Graphics Experiment) "
"There is no exact measurement. A bar may appear at 50% however, your judgment may be skewed. "
"The sources of error are not having excat numbers and the right amount of descions being made.

\"
NA
"there could be an error with the 3d printed graphs, one of mine were broken. There could also be an error involving eyesight or depth preception.  other than that, just laziness could have influenced how much effort soneone spent attempting to figure out the height. "
"Some sources of error that could have been involved with this experiment could include the participants talking with their peers prior to participating, as well as people not fully understanding what was being asked of them in the instructions. "
"Some structures you cant really see the difference in height and it was hard to give an accurate answer. "
"Some participants could be guessing in the experiment, they could not have enough participants to see if what they were trying to prove is true or not. "
"Sources of error involved in this experiment could include the subjects not understanding or incorrectly using the online website, a sampling error/bias (only using STAT students instead of taking a true random sample), and maybe the researchers holding some sort of bias when analyzing the data."
"Peoples different perceptions, 3D printing test kits accuracy, the layout of shape "
"A possible source of error is systematic error because there are many different graphs and 3-D figures in the study so they might be slightly off. This might cause the results to be skewed because the ratios between the bars would be incorrect. Another possible error might be systematic error because some of the students in the study might not care so they might have random answers for the experiment. "
"There could be errors with the people in the study, like not really guessing but just putting random answers to be done with the questioning, environmental errors, and possible computer issues that could effect the data. "
"Student's background knowledge of depth perception"
"The sources of error involved in this experiment are measurement, estimation, hypothesis testing, and reporting. I do not believe this experiment is biased, as it is random and being tested from an individual’s perspective. "
"-You have to get a baseline for the student's perception of heights

-A student might just rush through the assignment without working on accuracy "
"Possible errors could be student technical errors, computers are not always reliable. Another could be colorblind students. Most of the blocks are different colors this could create hardship in choosing the correct estimate. "
"Source of error could be its only being tested on stats 218 kids and that its not really random sampling "
"The group being measured is only students in statistics classes."
"random selection was not used 

the slider was hard to get exact numbers "
"Human error in perception."
"Grabbing the wrong test kit, students lack of attention, misinput of information, and just general misunderstanding of the study. College students aren't the most observant sometimes, making mental mistakes."
"Some sources of error is that not every student who looks at the graphs is equally familiar with interpreting graphs as someone might have taken more science and math courses. Also, the graphs themselves weren't super easy to read, as they didn't have clear tick marks. "
"Reporting and identifying measurements"
"Whether the person is color blind. Whether the participant was doing the experiment online, and didn't have the physical blocks. "
"number of students, the time it took, understanding of experiment"
"A source of error in the experiment is the different blocks and when they are pulled out at random, you may be more confident in earlier blocks than later blocks so you may not be as accurate. "
"If its the same block in person and on the screen, people can just look at the block in person to double check their answer."
"One person doing the survey could have not tried as hard and ruched through their answers."
"If people rush through the experiment and don't give an actual opinion. "
"User error. Comparing two column sizes on two different blocks strictly by visuals makes for easy error."
"the blocks may not have been the same all around. the measurements may have been different for diff students regardless of whether or not they got the same kit. "
"Possible sources of error could be inconsistencies in an individuals answers, people completing it at different times (for example in the morning/afternoon/night, if they may be rushing since because are stressed since they have a test coming up or are busy at the time, etc.), systematic errors, technique errors, misunderstandings, and more."
"Should've been more 3D models."
"Some participants may not be great at reading graphs in general, and therefore might throw the data way off in general. Another possibility is that potentially the data could have been entered incorrectly and could therefore also throw the results off quite a bit."
"there could have been inaccuracies in the printing of the 3D models"
"People could have been guessing at the heights or talking to other people around them to find out what they put as the heights."
"Image quality, experiment products being damaged etc. "
"The instructions weren't very clear so some people could have responded in ways that weren't correct. "
"I think its just random error because the data had various measurements. "
"The sources of error are that we cannot always be exact with our measurement because it is not right next to the graph and there are no numbers on the graph, so it is the error of our eyesight, judgement, and thinking ability. "
"The sources of error are that they data is not going to be exact because it was all a rough estimate and peoples opinions."
"People misreading or misinterpreting something."
NA
"some people can guess closer to the actual answer than others"
"Type/size of computer students use, time allowed to participate (having classes afterward/rushing through the experiment). The fact that the only test subjects were STAT218 students is a source of error (convenience sampling). "
"Human error could be a factor or environmental factors. People could misunderstand the question or when they take the test they could have loud people around them. "
"People could misinterpret the graphs on the screen"
"The experiment is available to do online and in person, which could screw the results because things dont look the sane online versus in person."
"Something could always malfunction with the 3D printing of the graphs. They could be like a few millimeters off from their 2D counterpart. Also not everyone has great eyesight so it potentially could have been more difficult for them to realize the difference. "
"human error or using the sliders in the experiment. You could get a more accurate assumption if you let people type in their answer."
"size"
"We can see how things change over time and the data can have errors."
"Repetition, anonymity "
"What exact percentages they were looking for or percent error was given."
"In this experiment, one of the sources of error I can possibly identify happening is a lack of randomization. The bags for the experiment could be handed out randomly, but one single bag may have the potential to be handed around a single group of students. Additionally, there is another potential source of error in the bags themselves. The bags may have the ability to get mixed around on accident if not carefully handled. "
"There are many number options and no instructions are given about how specific to be in the estimate. "
"people reading the graphs wrong on accident, inputting a wrong answer by mistake. "
"The sources of error in this experiment was people not taking it seriously and submitting their data any way. Another possible source of error would be in the way that the 3D models were displayed. The v"
NA
"A student might confuse the symbols (triangle or circle), or the student may not care enough to put effort into giving an accurate estimate."
"One possible source of error is only using STAT 218 students. This limits the generalizability of the study. Also, the study isn't really conducted in any controlled environment."
"Broken models, slow computers to click on the exact point wanted by the user "
NA
"The error is just human guessing. One thing I noticed is that you couldn't guess that one portion of the graph was 50% of the other that we were testing. I think there were errors on my end that I missed the guess by over 10%. I think the more that I kept getting asked questions on a specific graph, the more wrong answers I gave. "
"Previous experience with charts, nonrandom kit selection, potential errors in 3D printed models"
NA
"There were 3 different platform types for observing these units of comparison. an online 3-D version, online 2-D, and real life 3-D printed pieces. This is inconsistent and can be hard for a viewer's level of perception. "
"i had to do it on my phone and sometimes the graphs were cut out a bit"
"The people being used in the sample could be just guessing instead of trying, not enough information."
NA
"How much time and effort people put into the experiment "
"An example of error could be different people having different qualities of eyesight. Someone who has slightly worse eyesight might be able to do as well as someone with perfect vision. Another might be the quality of the models. Maybe a model was broken, compromising the participant's ability to estimate its height, leading to error. Error could also arise from participants' lack of effort. Some people may not have tried as they were required to be there and that could lead to skew or error in the results."
"The error could be how people judge the different sizes."
"If people will be able to estimate the correct or close to the correct size of the different columns."
"From what I’ve seen a majority of the participants are the class statistics 101. Although there are some older students a majority are freshmen and all are college students. Plus there might be people who did not try and guessed to get it over with."
"How much lower the over one was"
"The sources of error involved in the experiment were the misinterpretation of the data. For example, multiple people could interpret the difference in the size of the bars. "
"I guess it could be something like we all didn't have the same blocks we were given, some students were older than others and could do better, some students had previous practice, instructions were off/ poorly worded, or something like not randomized. "
"People not actively interpreting the data and just trying to complete the experiment to get it done with. "
"People not having access to the 3D graphs "
"The students taking it, because I feel like a lot of them don't care a lot about the outcome."
NA
"perceptual biases(human error), sampling bias, fatigue, instruction clarity, cognitive load."
"since each student did the experiment on their own computer the scaling could be different and cause different data"
"There are a few ways errors could creep into this experiment. People might misjudge bar heights due to tricky 3D visuals or poor lighting on the printed charts. Even though the colors were random, some participants might still connect certain colors with specific meanings. Everyone sees and processes visuals a bit differently too, so personal differences could skew the results. Plus, as the experiment goes on, participants might get better at the task—or just tired—which could affect how accurately they judge the charts."
"No random sampling was used because we are all from statistics classes. You can only generalize results to statistics classes. "
"One source of error in the experiment was the difference in how the data was interpreted on the 3D graphs compared to the 2D graphs. "
"I am not sure which ones there are"
"I feel, like always, the source of error can be confusion of the experiment. I was confused by the experiment and felt like the experiment was not explained well. There also can be human error and they could accidentally click on another answer when they meant another one because I did that multiple times through out the experiment."
"There be a technological error in the mouse pad, broken scree, or even the brightness not being able to be turned up to see the model clear enough."
"The sources of error was the null hypothesis being different than originally thought in the experiment. "
"Because students are participating, some of them may not put full effort into each graph and may be putting in answers without truly thinking about them."
"The sources of error that are included are the different pieces of graphs, and the numbers since they could get messed up. "
NA
"Participants may have not cared about the experiment and rushed through the questions without taking the time to really determine an appropriate answer."
"Not sure if this is what you meant, but I had to stop myself from just guessing the same thing when I saw the same shape in a new medium."
"Fatigue of answering prompts, the 3d models falling apart, and confusion on what was being tested."
"school work, and some cases of insomnia "
"Though all the props were marked, one of the props that we used had writing on the bottom that was kind of hard to make out what it said. I could see some people confusing some of the props leading to incorrect results."
"There were some visual errors that confused the participants. "
"Some sources of error in this experiment would be guessing on the heights and not actually trying to find the difference. Another source of error could be human error while printing the physical 3D graphs. The sample size of the experiment could be a source of error also if it was a small sample size. "
"A source of error in the experiment could have been the students doing it on their on and when the students had to pick one that wrote down the wrong graph and gave false information. "
NA
"A source of error could be the person doesn't really understand the experiment and isn't doing the experiment right. Another error could be graphs put into different bags so students got the wrong id of graphs causing a disruption in data."
"How many people participate in this study, If you have a visual impairment"
"The sample group was smaller than they hoped for. The experiment could have been too similar to Cleveland and McGill's experiment. "
"The population you pulled from really only consisted of statistics students, so you can only draw conclusions about students taking this class with the data. Additionally, there's a chance students might not have followed the instructions fully. Also, a few of the 3D models had some printer scarring on it, so potentially errors during printing could make the models inaccurate."
"Possible sources of error could include the viewing of angles for the 3D charts in how participants interpret the bar heights or possible confusion from identifying symbols. "
"Non-random sampling (all subjects came from the stats department/class), and non-random assortment (kits were decided by participants)."
NA
"A source of error in this experiment was that some of the 3D graphs that I was looking at were broken. They were already broken when they gave them to me. So hopefully I put them together right when I was analyzing them."
"I believe the number being used to evaluate presented data model values are the sources of error in this experiment. Having to identify a quantifiable value for each presented data model provides a source of error where data can go up or down, very similar to a confidence interval contextualization."
"Sources of error in the experiment could include individual differences in cognitive abilities, misinterpretation of instructions, cognitive biases, environmental distractions, and varying mood or stress levels among participants."
"Eye sight impairment such as wearing glasses or not. "
"every person is different and their perceptions are subjective."
"A source of error involved in this experiment would be the with the sample population as it is a specific group which was not random and then not representative of full populations. "
"Human visual perception?"
"Sources of error involved in the experiment may be eye sight of different people, the methods people used, and how much time someone spends on the question."
"One source of error in the experiment was the difference in how the data was interpreted on the 3D graphs compared to the 2D graphs. "
"perceptual biases(human error), sampling bias, fatigue, instruction clarity, cognitive load."
"The sources of error that are included are the different pieces of graphs, and the numbers since they could get messed up. "
"No random sampling was used because we are all from statistics classes. You can only generalize results to statistics classes. "
"Because students are participating, some of them may not put full effort into each graph and may be putting in answers without truly thinking about them."
"I feel, like always, the source of error can be confusion of the experiment. I was confused by the experiment and felt like the experiment was not explained well. There also can be human error and they could accidentally click on another answer when they meant another one because I did that multiple times through out the experiment."
"There are a few ways errors could creep into this experiment. People might misjudge bar heights due to tricky 3D visuals or poor lighting on the printed charts. Even though the colors were random, some participants might still connect certain colors with specific meanings. Everyone sees and processes visuals a bit differently too, so personal differences could skew the results. Plus, as the experiment goes on, participants might get better at the task—or just tired—which could affect how accurately they judge the charts."
"The students taking it, because I feel like a lot of them don't care a lot about the outcome."
"I am not sure which ones there are"
"People not having access to the 3D graphs "
"I guess it could be something like we all didn't have the same blocks we were given, some students were older than others and could do better, some students had previous practice, instructions were off/ poorly worded, or something like not randomized. "
"The sources of error was the null hypothesis being different than originally thought in the experiment. "
"People not actively interpreting the data and just trying to complete the experiment to get it done with. "
NA
"since each student did the experiment on their own computer the scaling could be different and cause different data"
"There be a technological error in the mouse pad, broken scree, or even the brightness not being able to be turned up to see the model clear enough."
NA
NA
"Students are participating in their experiment at different times and are sometimes alone, and other times with other students. "
NA
"There may be sources of error, in how some students may not actually try to accurately estimate the lengths of those objects, so there would be an inaccurate representation of data. There may be sources of error within technology, if there is a disturbance and answers are not received/submitted for whatever reason."
NA
"[expirement -3.docx] (/users/286374/files/21155820?wrap=1&verifier=kXj0INQxL65RekYRXEDA22QmAUzGQHABX96zPMf5)"
NA
NA
"Several sources of error could affect the results of this experiment:

 

* Participant bias – Most participants were from the Statistics department, so they may have had more experience with charts than the general population.

* Human error – People might still use their fingers or guess based on instinct, even if told not to, which can skew the results.

* Printing variations – Small differences in the quality or shape of the 3D printed charts might influence how easy they are to interpret.

* Lighting or angle issues – For digital 3D charts, the angle or screen brightness could affect how well participants see the data.

* Randomization differences – The random selection of bar heights and chart layouts might unintentionally make some comparisons easier or harder than others.

These factors could all impact the accuracy of participants’ judgments."
"I think that the biggest source of error would be anchoring bias, perspective distortion, or the order effect."
"Not understanding the graphs meaning"
"There could be some sources of human error when participants register the wrong 3D model graph, so their answer is based on a different graph. People could miss read the question that was asked and therefore answer it incorrectly causing a slight skew in the data. "
"Human error (putting in the wrong id for the blocks)

 "
NA
NA
"Some people could be confused on what bar they want you to look at in the model, therefore, resulting in them answering the question wrong."
"The source of error that is invovlved in this experiment is that not all the time you are going to estimate the exact number of how much for data is bigger or smaller comapred."
"minor percentage differences like 50.7% instead of 50%. "
"One source of error in the experiment is weather the shapes and other bar graphs would mess up the student when they were picking what graph is longer."
NA
"I had broken pieces on mine, which could contribute to my measurements potentially being off. "
"Not sure. "
NA
"Differences in individual visual perception can lead to variations in estimating bar heights. Lighting, screen quality, or distractions in the testing environment could impact focus and accuracy."
"some sources of error that might be involved would be peoples eyesight as well as an issue with the pieces becoming shorter or longer."
"People tend to like what they like and this cannot affect their skills in observation and estimation."
"There might not be a clear way to know the difference between one bar and the other."
"people may get confused by the other columns of data "
"I think human errors are the only source of error in this experiment. The computer and the models seemed to be well made and in order."
NA
"The bar adjusting the numbers to guess the hight. Only asking college students and not non-students. "
"Some sources of error would be if participants are just rushing through the questions, if people guess better or worse on various kit numbers, or if some of the participants have seen a significantly greater amount of graphs in their lifetime."
"students could just be guessing and not actually trying hard"
"Wide range and room for errors."
"I think there could be error in the parts where we pick random shapes because that area is really grey."
"People could not properly see the differences between the graphs. People could not understand the instructions. "
"Trying to get the correct number on to the computer was hard. The number line was very touchy. "
"Some students who maybe did not understand how the experiment was working. "
"Bias and human error. "
"Some students may rush through the experiment, so their results might not actually reflect how they perceive the height."
"* Different packs of the bars

* Bars could be missing

* People who have glasses/visual impairments

* Different displays on the computer (different computers, zoom size, etc.)"
"the sources of error could be when the subjects were guessing the percentages. I know that I messed up on a few. The subjects were also asked many of the questions twice and they probably did not always stay consistent on their responses. "
"If the survey was taken seriously by students. "
"When using the 3D printed blocks, the participant could have used the wrong block or looked at the wrong column on the block. The internet could have also been a factor; if the internet was not working properly. Or malfunctions in the survey. "
"human error of incorrectly determining which bar was larger, as well as human error in deciding how much bigger it is. there is also the possibility of not being careful and selecting the wrong blocks out of the bag and misinterpreting the label "
"Some sources of error could possibly include individual difference between spaces, lighting, or viewing angle. There also could be biased on the color association and sample size as well."
"If people accurately choose the height they see.  "
"Individual differences in perception, bias from chart design, and environmental factors"
NA
" There are a few possible sources of error that I can think of in this experiment number one and the most common one would be human judgment everybody is going to look at the graph or a situation in a different way, especially if they are under stressors like is the person being watched by somebody so they're under pressure are they under a time limit? Are they in a group with a bunch of people that are a lot smarter than them, another source of air could be how the graph was printed or how the graph was displayed. What kind of lighting was it in? What was the angle of the graph? What was the angle of paper and another source of error would be do other people have more experience looking at different types of graphs. "
"na"
"Some could be that people have different visual perception abilities, or participants may have varying levels of experience with data visualizations. Things also like the participant could have been fatigues or motivation can influence how participants judge the bar ratios. "
"People have different backgrounds and jobs and some people could use these things more than others."
"Sources of error involved in this experiment could have been when picking up each block, we could have entered the wrong ID number, leading to different results. "
"that some people, such as myslef, had to conduct it online, wheras some also had 3d models. this can create a change in the results unintentionaly"
NA
"In this experiment, there may be multiple sources of error. First, since the human eye itself is not an accurate measurement tool, participants are prone to errors when making visual estimates without a scale reference. In addition, the presentation of 3D models may also cause perspective distortion, which may be affected by light, shadow, angle or depth perception, interfering with accurate judgment. Differences in display ratio, resolution and zoom settings between different devices or browsers may also affect the experimental results. Furthermore, if the experiment is long or the tasks are repeated, participants may make inaccurate judgments due to fatigue. Finally, individual differences in spatial imagination and visual perception can also cause differences in estimation accuracy. Taken together, these error factors may jointly affect the accuracy and consistency of experimental data."
NA
"rounding with the ratios"
"Sources of error might include visual distortion from a 3D perspective or perception differences."
"There were limitations because of resources."
NA
"If people were able to do it in person or not, along with how the 3D models were made and how they needed to be adjusted over time to make them more readable. "
NA
"People might guess wrong or misunderstand the charts. "
"testing environment was not controlled with this experiment. It was done at home."
"N/A"
"Sources of error may have been that some people may learn differently so some may learn more effectively reading a 2D chart and some may thrive with a 3D chart."
"Some errors that could be included in this experiment could be how well the participants can view the depth and perception of the image based on the quality from this end online, along with visual impairments of the participants, if applicable. "
"Some sources of error in the experiment could have been not completely random assingment, and also bias. "
"The sources of error that are involved in this experiment are differences in viewing angles, participant decrease in focus, or inconsistencies in charts which could include presentation and interpretation."
"Sources of error in this experiment could include differences in how familiar people are with reading graphs, mistakes in measuring bar heights, or how well the 3D printed graphs were made. Lighting, screen quality, or distractions during the test could also affect results."
"The results can be different for someone completing it online versus in person. Also if the experiment takes a while, people can get lazier with their answers as they get farther into it. "
"There can be error from the person doing the test. The participants were told to do the tests by themself, so there is a chance of someone misunderstanding the experiment. There can also be error, as some people did the experiment in-person while others did it online. If there is a significant difference between the in-person and online results, then this could be a sign of error. "
"1. Sample Size and Selection Bias:

*

Error: If the sample size of cows is too small or not representative of the broader population, your findings may not be applicable to all cows.

*

Mitigation: Ensure a large and diverse sample of cows from various farms or regions, considering factors like breed, genetics, and environment.

2. Age Determination Errors:

*

Error: Inaccurate age information for the cows could skew results.

*

Mitigation: Verify ages through reliable sources such as birth records or veterinary documentation.

3. Environmental Factors:

*

Error: Environmental conditions, such as climate, diet, and overall farm management, could influence calving success and may not be controlled.

*

Mitigation: Attempt to account for or standardize environmental variables across your experiment."
"Could possibly be some human factors in play considering nobody is perfect, including the inconsistencies in the data being made/grouped together, but also errors like statistical bias."
"There can be random errors which can be from equipment or the person taking the measurements, systematic errors which can be flaws in the experiment, and human error which is and error in the recording of data or reading of charts. "
"The sources of error would be the online versus in-person version and each student's level of education. "
"Error can be the wear and tear of the pieces as some didn't have proper identification or the lack of instruction to the student and giving vast incorrect answers when they misunderstood the experiment. "
"The sources of error involved with this experiment include individual differences. For example, if a student who is participating favors one type of graph over another, they may take more time and interpret the data from that graph with more accuracy than the other type of graph. "
NA
"If participants are always tested with 2D/3D first and 3D printed second, or vice versa, the order may be a confounding variable. The color of the graphs could also be a source of error if one color is more accurately interpreted than another. If the slider bar used to indicate the perceived ratio has a different scale, participants may change their answer to what \"looks right.\""
"Some students compared the 3D charts online and some students did it in person so the judgement of the different people might be different."
"The viewing angle, when looking at them from different angles, could affect and distort the judgment of the height difference. The lighting and shadows could have created an optical illusion for the tester, making one block appear smaller or bigger. Additionally, human perception error could have altered and limited eyesight, leading to an inaccurate estimate. "
"*

People didn’t get what they were supposed to do.

*

They got distracted or weren’t paying attention.

*

They were in a good or bad mood, which changed how they acted.

*

The person running the experiment treated people a little differently without meaning to."
"Use of the website. Personally, when trying to rotate the objects, it was very difficult for me to do that at times."
"Students not wanting to take their time on the experiment. "
"some sources of error that could be involved within this experiment is that people could have easily just selected the first one they saw to get it over with to receive credit within class"
"Some sources of error could be people guessing instead of actually trying. Others might include poor lighting, screen angle, or how well the 3D prints were made. Personal experience with graphs could also affect results."
"Some errors could be if people guessed, were distracted, or didn’t see or feel the graphs clearly. People might also understand graphs differently."
"Possible errors may stem from a participant's lack of understanding, a change in perspective, or lighting inconsistencies."
"There are a couple of sources of error. For example, to print the 3D model it takes longer than looking at an online blueprint. This will take much more time to create to get a little bit better data. "
"Students doing the experiment may have been more rushed depending on when they took part in it and if they had a class afterwards."
"Different computers may display graphics slightly differently

Some people may self-identify incorrectly 

 "
"Since the graphs were displayed in scale and the experiment itself was very simple and straightforward, no errors come obvious. One potential error may be respondents not participating accordingly and rushing inaccurate answers to receive credit. Another potential error may be that respondents may only be statistics students."
"I think that depth perception is a big area involved in this experiment. Depth perception is a large part of 3D and 2D figures which would make sense."
NA
"human error, every person sees color differently "
"For me, I picked up on this and remembered what I put earlier for the same graph so I just put the same answer. If I would've had more time and had time to forget what I answered maybe my answers would have been different."
"I am unsure, maybe random error."
"there instructions arent too clear"
"An error could be someone misunderstanding the task which causes their data to be different from other people's."
"Some people could be in a rush and not give their best estimate. Maybe they could have a different field of view from where they are doing this experiment."
"This experiment is extremely susceptible to human error as the data given lies in human judgements."
"broken graph pieces. "
"A person's eyesight and brain processing ability. "
"It's giving type 2 error, in the sense we are establishing our own answers as correct and we aren't being told if that is true or not."
"measurement errors "
"There could be a sampling error; it appears that all participants are UNL students, so the results may not be representative of the overall population at large. There could be general experimental errors, such as the mental state of the experimenter or participant affecting their accuracy or ability to focus. "
"same graph looked at. "
"I think people could read the question wrong or try to complete it too fast"
"Human error and technological error."
"A main source of error for this experiment would be kids not really trying. A lot of the kids are taking the class simply for the grade and do not care about how well they do on assignments that do not directly impact their grade"
"The data collected was specifically in STATS218. "
"I would say that one potential source of error would have been color coordination of the kits and assigning colors based off of the graph instead of just random assignment.  "
"Personally, I know that I messed up a few of the 3D identifying objects because I was a bit confused and did not know that they were labeled specifically to each test. I think that if I would have had more instructions, I would have been able to figure this out more easily and would have gotten more accurate results. "
"People could just be bad at identifying correct proportions overall."
"If participants didn't try and just guessed the whole time, then it creates outliers or misrepresented data. 

 

Another source of error is students not getting adequate or enough directions to participate and complete the experiment to the best of their ability. "
"Different pupils' perceptions of block layouts, miscounting, visual distractions, or differing interpretations of what the blocks represent are all possible sources of inaccuracy. Individual experience with visual learning may also impact outcomes."
"Confusion about what the goal of the experiment was and what the actual instructions were."
NA
"Possible sources of error include sampling variability, measurement error, and bias in data collection. If participants were not randomly assigned, confounding variables might also affect the results. Additionally, if the sample size was small, the estimates may not accurately represent the population."
"People may have rushed through the experiment, or perceived things wrong due to the lack of directions."
"The students have to participate in the experiment whether or not they choose to share their responses with the researchers, which may bias the results. "
"There are several potential sources of error in this experiment. Participant bias could influence results, as individuals may have varying familiarity with interpreting different types of charts. Environmental factors, such as screen resolution, lighting, or the physical handling of 3D printed charts, might also affect perception. Another source of error is inconsistency in human judgment when estimating ratios without measurement tools. Lastly, minor discrepancies in the rendering or printing process—such as scaling or spacing—could unintentionally impact the visual accuracy of the bar heights."
"Inaccuracies in the background of people who are involved in the experiment. "
"We were forced to do it for a grade, and not everyone that I talked to put in full effort. "
"The different errors could be the amount of prior knowledge the students had going into it or it could be the level of college they are in. "
NA
"Potential sources of error might include individual differences among participants (such as prior experience with 3D models), inconsistent conditions during participation, or unclear instructions. Measurement error could also occur if responses were based on subjective judgment rather than objective performance. Even small distractions or misunderstandings could influence the results."
NA
"Some sources of error in this experiment are 1) people have different levels of perception - which can affect their answers, 2) the quality of the 3-D charts themselves can affect peoples answers, 3) Lighting in the room where the experiment is taking place can affect the outcomes."
"How the experiment was run. It made it seem too complicated."
"Some sources of error would be going to fast and reading a question wrong and choosing the wrong graph."
"Sources of errors that could be involved in this experiment are quality of the pictures/models in the computer, as well as the 3D printed models quality as well. Students with different eye sight might have an affect on their vision/perspective of the graphs as well."
"I think a source of error can be how everyone's perception is and the difference in participants' visual perception. I also think that if the participants have more familiarity with the blocks they might have a greater advantage than those who don't. For example I had not used those blocks since i was in elementary school which caused a little confusion but maybe there was a participant who works with little kids and uses the blocks on a daily basis. "
"The depiction of a physical object may not be true to size and measurement compared to a screen. The shapes shown when analyzing the percentages of graphs may fall under pattern recognition instead of targeted point of analysis."
NA
"Some things that could mess up the results are if someone didn't understand the directions, if the charts looked different on different screens, or if people got distracted while doing the experiment "
NA
"Measurements outcome of a experiment "
"The I thi"
"I could see there being a Type 1 error. More people could be not accurate but the results could show otherwise."
"Each individual has some amount of error, whether it's not understanding the question correctly, or being afraid to ask questions, it could also be a tech error, or a computer malfunction"
"Not all students are looking at the same graphs. It doesn’t account for past stats experiences. Online experiments rely on internet connection which isn’t accessible to everyone and could lead to error."
"If the participants can't see both shapes."
"One source of error is human perception and the inconsistency that comes with using people in experiments. "
NA
"Sources of errors include technology not working and mix-up of questions."
NA
"Some sources of error are that some people might take to more seriously than others and it could affect the data that you get. Eye sight could be another factor in this as well."
"the comparisons"
"A type I error could occur if the null hypothesis was rejected when it was actually true. A type II error could occur if the null hypothesis was not rejected and it was false."
"Misunderstanding of task, technical issues"
"For this experiment, there could be human error or instrumental error since this was an online experiment for me. "
"Sources of error may be the experiment allowing for online vs real-life bars being given or shown. I think it may be easier to estimate the real-life examples because you could move 3D blocks and draw on 2D paper to make better estimates compared to trying to do it on a screen. "
"Measurement error"
"To start, some students did not have access to a 3D printer, so the accuracy of being able to observe how many units higher one is than the other was likely more difficult on the computer. Additionally, some individuals are colorblind and therefore would not be able to identify different hues of colors. "
"Possible sources of error could be the sample size, where there weren't enough samples given to truly base if the differences are based on chance or actual difference. Another  could be ambiguous data samples, where someone could interpret little or no difference when there was one. "
"There could be user error, like if the participant misunderstood the question or mixed up which color was the higher value in the 2D charts. Also, some of the participants may have struggled with the 3D charts because of eyesight or depth perception, which would’ve made it more difficult to answer correctly."
"digital issues with moving the simulation around. Some people are more meticulous while others move the slider lazily."
"Sources of error involved in this experiment might be the different ways people think about the experiment and how they rank things. Another source of error could be in the slider because there weren't exact numbers so therefore people were just estimating what the different units were between the two objects. "
"One source of error could be the ambiguous slider to indicate your number answer. We might not be able to trust an individuals discretion when answering with the slider."
NA
"Sources of error involved in this experiment include the potential for bias for online students and not accounting for students who are potentially colorblind."
"People might have misread the colors or focused on the wrong part of the grid. Sometimes the difference between the two letters was so small it was easy to guess wrong."
"Error could stem from human eyes not being able to estimate differences perfectly. Additionally, color-blind individuals would likely struggle with the heat map portion."
"there is not much of a background check, some participants could engage in activity like this all the time! 

they could also have several (close to right) answers "
" Some possible sources of error in this experiment are things like people using different kinds of computers or screen sizes, which might make the 3D charts harder or easier to see. Also, if someone isn't used to reading 3D graphs, they might have a harder time understanding them, which could affect their answers. Another source of error could be people not paying full attention or rushing through the experiment, especially since it's done online. And since not everyone has access to the 3D-printed charts, that might make it harder for some people to understand the data."
"Perceptual Bias: People may interpret color intensity differently depending on their vision or screen brightness.

Human Error: Participants might misjudge small differences in shading.

Environmental Factors: lighting conditions, screen quality, or distractions could affect performance.

Color Vision Deficiencies: Some participants might have difficulty distinguishing shades, which could skew results."
"I would say the error that stood out to me was that there was not great information go off of. The heat maps were challenging to read and made coming to conclusions for the questions provided rather difficult. "
"Some errors could be misinterpreting cold areas of the map or segmentation user error. Which pretty much means misanalizing areas of the map which can help determine differences in the map. "
"some sources of error could of been the directions to the study, it was a little confusing trying to figure out what exactly I had to do. Another source of error could be technology, since some of the stuff was 3-D if students didn't have a computer at the ready to use then the results can be different. "
"* There is likely some sample bias resulting from the study being a voluntary participation survey - certain types of people may be more likely to participate than others 

* Screen and imaging quality can vary between devices leading colors/shades to appear differently, without standardized device specs these discrepancies can increase variability in answers 

* perceptions of both color and size are influenced by a lot of personal characteristics that can't all be accounted for"
"Depending on what group the researchers are testing (eg.: UNL students versus U.S. population), one source of error could be the lack of a true random sample. For example, if the goal is to test all human eyes, those in a University level statistics course do not represent the entirety of the population. 

 

Another source of error could be the lack of clarifying questions. If a student is colorblind, for one possible example, this would not reflect accurately on the general student population, resulting as an outlier. (Or perhaps, he would see the shade differentiation better than the average eye.) 

 

Another source of error could possibly be the fact that a tutorial on how to use and move the 3-D model was not included. This could lead to a number of human mistakes that would result in experimental error. "
"Human error, not everyone's eyesight is the same. Also, some people could have more experience reading charts than others with less experience.  "
"A few sources of error could have been the quality of screen you have. Since the colors on the screen were all different shades of blue, the screen could have changed those colors a little bit throwing off your answer. Another source of error is using the 3-D model online versus in person. In person you can get up close and personal with it, but online you have to try to find the right angle to look at it correctly. "
"how well you can read 3D and how you view colors "
"There could be sampling concerns since this appears to be a convenience sample of people who happen to be in statistics classes. There could be also be Type 1 or Type 2 errors but without knowing the null hypothesis and the conclusions about that hypothesis, I can't be sure."
"Sources of error could include human error, data processing errors, and systematic errors."
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
"It could be confusing for people to know if they are comparing the smaller bar to the larger of the two or the largest on the graph."
"Something that could have gone wrong is people rushing through the experiment, and not taking their time. "
NA
"students could be clicking random things or purposly. failing "
"Human"
"Different sources of errors could include, the thought proccess behind the person taking the survey and whether they understand what the experimanter is trying to research. Also, not being able to monitor the person taking the survey could lead to misleading infromation. "
"Since we are doing this study online, we are all participating in this experiment in different environments that could cause personal error. "
"People in the sample misunderstanding directions."
"Since there's online and in-person results it's not clear how that might effect the experiment. There's also some confounding variables like color and angle of the bar graphs. "
"Fatigue effect over the course of making many judgements, learning patterns from seeing the same ratios multiple times, possibly difference in eyesight among participants."
"One source of error could be human error when deciding how much smaller the bar is when comparing two different data sets. "
"One source of error for this experiment is that it is not conducted in a controlled environment. Students may be working together or not reading the experiment carefully therefore the results may be skewed. "
"One source is when the quiz is first started one could compare the whole graph to each other, or interpret it as the individual line that had the shapes. There are two ways that a participant may see how to make the comparisons."
"There was no numbers on the slider when guessing how much smaller the bar was, it made it hard for me to know if I was accurately putting it in the right place or not.

 "
"Sources of error could be regarding a participant's vision or the diagram itself since it's sometimes harder for 3D models to show up correctly on certain pieces of technology."
"I think that there was probably a lot of human error involved in this experiment. We all perceive things differently and I think this could lead to some very different results in the study. "
"Using a 3D graph and a 3D plane was something they planned for because in most previous experiments a 3D graph was used on a 2D plane. "
"As far as I know, there wasn't much random sampling involved or there may be some bias of sorts. The results may apply for students in STATS 218 here at UNL, but maybe not for other students taking a similar statistics class elsewhere."
"The students are not supervised while participating in this experiement."
"choosing which shape is smaller. someone might rush and completely get the small detail wrong."
"I thought that the slide bar was a little confusing even after the example. When I was taking the experiment I read the bar as the left end 0% smaller then the further you slid it the closer it was in size to the bigger graph. Someone else who is doing the experiment could interpret the slide bar differently. 

 

Another error that could happen is if the results from online-only are not separated from the ones that have the graphs printed off. "
"People are not necessarily taking this survey alone. The bar is not a very accurate way of showing the difference in size. "
"Human error since it is the only main contributor, if some one did the experiment without actually looking at the graph and selected random answers which would lead the results to be different overall, but the experimenter could just not use these outliers as they would be rather clear to tell if a person attempted to ruin the results. "
"The sources of error that are involved in this experiment are the complex shapes, if one has poor vision, or even depth perception it could make this experiment difficult "
"There could be an error created because some people might have more experience analyzing graphs than others. There can be errors created when people use the toggle bar in the participation section, some people might be more generous in their answers than others. "
"The sources of error were probably where the line was dragged to because not everyone would put it at the same place."
"how much someone think the bar is smaller or bigger than the other bar. "
"Some people may quickly glance at the graph and incorrectly assign shapes or sizes."
"Some sources of error could include if the participant is viewing this on a computer or paper. Some computers may appear different than others, as well as different when printed. Other errors may include the color of the bar graphs, and some being more distinguishable than others.  "
"People that are guessing"
"Incorrect answers in the online survey results. "
"A source of error that is involved in this experiment could be a participant not understanding the objective of what they are doing. "
"Circle/triangle "
"The sampling group may be biased and not represent the entire population if it is only stat 218 students "
"There are no line values to help measure it when there is a small difference between the graphs."
"The persons taking the survey?"
"There are no numeric values on the sliding bar, so choosing the spot on the slider is just an estimate."
"A source of error that could have been involved in this experiment was the partipants not being truthful when filling out the consent form or there could have been repeated graphs that an individual was given in their study. "
"Potential sources of error in this experiment include random error, systematic error, selection bias, measurement error, and experimental design errors. These errors can affect the accuracy and reliability of the results."
"Not having explicit directions the experimenter could be confused. "
"How colors may have affected viewing; technical error because being viewed on phones; also if the size of the bar graph was small or large, and the way the graph was positioned."
"Angles and sight"
NA
"One source of error was not having numbers next to the bars. "
NA
NA
"Some possibility of errors involved in this experiment can consist of having a variety of students and ages that participate in this experiment could affect the experiment based on them either being a current or former stats 218 students, if it is completed taken in person or online, and the background of knowledge on statistical graphs are all possible sources of error."
"color and width of the bar"
NA
"Device and Setting Variability: Online participants using tablets or working in a distracting environment may have inconsistent experiences, while in-person students could benefit from instructor guidance.

User Interaction Differences: Some participants may engage more deeply with 3D models than others, affecting their learning outcomes.

Tech Familiarity: Those more comfortable with technology may find the app easier to use, potentially impacting results."
NA
"People purposely putting in the wrong answer or what they think is wrong. Students having different pictures from other students."
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
"A source of error could be lack of adequate effort from students. "
"Some sources of error could be the sliding scale they included for the scale as it was hard to get the exact number to estimate due to the sensitivity of the scale. Another would be that the in person people doing the experiment could possibly gain more information from the researcher present compared to those who do it online. By gaining more information, that would mean like asking clarifying questions about the experiment."
"One source of error could be the observational units (the students participating). The students may rush through the experiment and not answer truthfully/carefully, which would skew the results. Another source of error could be the models themselves. The models on the online version could be different than the real life models, which would also introduce errors into the results. "
"Someone not reading the directions, someone guessing or doing it random."
"Well its possible that a student doesn't try, which would give results that aren't accurate. A student could potentially be color blind and a difference in color perception could potentially influence the results. Same thing with depth perception. "
NA
NA
NA
"Some sources of error are it could've been randomized  more  or how many people did the experiment. "
"The sources of error involved were time and vision."
"Some people took the experiment in real life and some did it online. There is going to be a difference in the two data collection methods. "
NA
NA
NA
"There could be many errors based on the size of the picture in front of them. Some students also might not have had very good eyesight which could effect the answers that they gave. "
"Random guessing is a source of error in this experiment and the quality of the objects on the digital version vs the in person version. "
NA
"some systems do not include an ALT option. "
"There could be differences from how people did the experiment, such as online and in person. Also, people with vision problems might have struggled with this experiment."
NA
NA
NA
"Variations in participants' attention levels during the survey could lead to inconsistent responses or errors in interpretation"
"Perceptual Error: The participants may wrongly estimate the relative height of the bars due to bias in the visual perception, which is more likely to happen in the case of similar-sized bars.
User Interaction Error: Poor interaction by participants with the 3D model-for instance, poor rotation of the model-may lead to incorrect estimation."
"One source of error in this experiment is that some people could see the 3-D model in person, while others could only see it on their computer screen. "
"In most data sets, there are markers on the y-axis, which gives the person viewing the data an idea of where the values are, which I think should've been represented in the study."
"Potential sources of error include:

* Visual Bias: Participants might perceive sizes differently based on the angle, lighting, or contrast of the models.

* Dimensional Interpretation: Students may have more difficulty estimating the size of 3D objects than 2D ones, leading to larger discrepancies.

* Individual Differences: Some students may have better spatial or quantitative reasoning skills than others.

* Environment: Viewing conditions (e.g., screen size, resolution, or lighting if done in person) could affect judgments."
"It just asked which one was bigger between the two shapes and I it didn't specifically say if we should measure just the one strip of the clump of strips that had that shape. Also we didn't know to what scale both of the set were to maybe the clump of strips with the circle had a measurement by 5 while the ones with the triangle had measurements by 25 so we don't know which one is truly bigger if we don't know the measurement proportion of the two different strips. "
"Possible sources of error involved in this experiment are colorblindness, the brightness of the computer screen, and possible misprinting of the physical data."
"Human interpretation

 observers talking before one goes into the experiment and revealing what is going on. "
"The vision quality of participants or visual quality in charts could skew results as these would influence how participants see the graphs."
"One errors this experiment might have is the differences between individuals. It could have been a lot hard for some individuals to understand the difference between the 3D shapes.  There could have been measurement errors between the different demo graphing being shown between the physical shapes and digital one.  "
"Perceptual bias, participants may struggle to judge relative sizes accurately due to a lack of depth cues. Inconsistent measurements, as participants may measure the relative size of the towers differently depending on the model type. And also one source of error could be if the participant faces technological issues, as that could happen when you are dealing with technology. 

 "
"not using the same method for every participant (using in person or digital 3D graphs) or the graphs not being the same color. "
NA
"I think there could be errors in equipment/human error, I know the website crashed for me a few times so I felt a bit rushed. These can affect the strength and detail of the experiment."
"The sources of error could of been that sense some people experimented online they could not have gotten the same experience as those who did it in person"
"Students rush to complete this assignment and do not judge closely "
"For online participants, the experimenter cannot control for the environment, including noise, lightness, temperature, and room, among other things such as honesty in responses by participants."
NA
"Some sources of error could include eyesight differences, internet connection difficulties, or perception differences."
"There are no errors."
"Because measurement inaccuracy is a part of human judgment, participants' estimates of the shorter bar's height might differ. Measurement mistake can result from a variety of factors, including individual cognitive biases, differences in visual perception, and differences in numerical reasoning ability."
"The student's computers. The way the instructions are interpreted by students. Whether students were in person to take the quizzes or only online."
"A source of error that may be involved in this experiment is that participants may have a tendency to respond a certain way such as using common fractions like 1/3, 1/2, 3/4, etc, to identify the relative sizes of these lines. Another possible source of error in this experiment could be the participant's ability to accurately judge how large a line is in relation to another."
"Mayne someone with bad eyesight. "
NA
"The sources of error that are involved in this experiment could be people not taking the full time to try to correctly estimate the heights. Another source of error could be if someone accidentally looked at the wrong bars. "
"To provide an accurate response, I need more details about the specific experiment you are referring to. Please provide additional information about the experiment, such as its purpose, procedures, materials used, and any measurements taken."
"none "
"for me taking it online some errors that could have happened would be technology not working the correct way.  "
"Not having the objects physically nearby, technical issues, differences in how people gauge sizes."
"people could submit several if they wanted, it is not random who participates"
NA
"Not reading the questions right, clickinh."
"3d modeling versus just the online version can cause a different outcome. "
NA
NA
"I think that the experiment is up to human error and can be perceived differently by different individuals. "
"It was pretty much all guessing, the only number you know is how tall the taller bar is."
"The only primary source or flaw I noticed was that I could not use exactly 50% as an option. This can potentially reduce the numbers in the final experiment."
NA
"Sources of error could be in screen brightness/resolution."
NA
"the online version could have different results from the in person version. 

the classic human error

 "
"People could rush through and not put their full effort towards the experiments"
"The participant could've incorrectly guessed which is shorter, they also could've not cared so didn't move the guessed height around to where they actually think, they could've actually like measured the heights of the bars instead of just perceiving them. "
"Different examples are given to different students."
"that it says to estimate so different people might have different definitions of that word."
NA
"The error would be the fact that the option for 50 blocks tall was unavailable. Although options that were close could be used as an answer, the assumably correct answer could not be used. "
"2D and 3D graphs"
"that the numbers that we we given to choose from are very specific"
"Two potential sources of error in the experiment could include sampling bias, where the sample does not accurately represent the population of interest, and measurement error, which can arise from imprecise instruments or inconsistent data collection procedures. Addressing these sources of error is crucial for enhancing the validity and reliability of the study's findings."
NA
"Some bars were 3d and some weren't which could skew the results as a whole."
"Error that could be found in this could be in this especially since it is online is that is that online error, not seeing all the reality of the blocks because you are unable to really see the models, another possibility is possibly the color error, for example it may impact how the audience is viewing that possibly with eye color issues. "
"A source of error is any factor that may affect the outcome of an experiment"
"Human error, graph error"
"1. Subjective perception - we may perceive the height of the bar graph differently based on certain factors

2. Measurement errors - may be errors in the measurements we used to guess the height of the bar graph 

3. I feel like the environment you are surrounded by could be a factor such as distractions, or lighting conditions

 "
NA
"broad numbers"
"Human error is a big source "
NA
"There are more than two genders.

The way people think could effect the study; some people are more hands on thinkers, others can think abstractly, some are literal thinkers. 

Those have perfect vision compared to those who don’t could skew the data."
NA
NA
NA
"A source of error in this experiment could have been if the 3-D models printed faulty or were damaged at all. Or if someone's virtual 3-D model did not load correctly on their computer."
NA
"Sources of error includes not being able to tell the values of the bars in the bar graphs. "
"Human perception"
NA
NA
NA
NA
"There were type I errors in the experiment due to them not rejecting the null hypothesis"
"Rounding errors on the students part, indicating the wrong 3-D printed model, filling in tables wrong, reading questions wrong. "
"I can't quite remember what the study said it's population was, but there could be a sampling bias based off the fact that this specific Stats 218 class was experimented. Since it was required and also anonymous, certain students could also have put in more or less effort into the test which could make the results less accurate. "
NA
"Sampling a population of students in a statistics course may not accurately represent a larger population's ability to guess proportion. Statistics students may have some predisposition to the concept giving them an advantage over non-statistics students"
"Sources of error include lack of participation, or lack of effort. "
"Type 1 and Type 2"
"Cant guarantee students are accurately doing experiment could be inputing random guesses."
"the sources of error involved in this experiment is how the sampling was chosen. was it random assignment? random sampling? random selection? 

 "
"Human error, since it is not a multiple-choice experiment with exact answers to pick from it is up to every individual from Stat 218 to determine the exact height of the smaller bar."
"you never find out if your right and some of the graphs where different than others "
NA
NA
"It is all opinion based."
"Human error. "
"Some sources of error include how people are just guessing and it's not exact. Another could be if someone rushed through the experiment. Another could be if someone was tired when they took the experiment."
"Human error, sampling is convenient. "
"Education level

experience reading graphs

 "
"People having bad estimation skills, not looking at the graphs at the right angles, and people not spending enough time looking at the graphs and rushing through the questions."
"It is not particularly rushed, so you can spend a long time studying the graphs. This means that your answer will be more accurate than if you were just glancing at the graph, which would be more similar to real life."
"People who participate only participate for a participation grade and don’t try to guess correctly."
"Type II error"
"The person does not know what to do to answer the experiment. 

On the measure bar, not having no indication of what number it is landing on. "
"random error, systematic error"
"That the boxes are all the same size and you have to use the color key"
NA
"the sources of error involved in this experiment could be the wrong choice that the participants take "
"One source of error is that there are only 2 variations of the model used both for the 2d and 3d models, so when doing the 2d portion participants could look at the 3d model and better understand."
"Possible errors include human judgment, viewing angles on 3D models, imperfections in the printed blocks, and rough guesses when using the slider."
"I think the sources of error would've been that a lot of intro to stats students have never used 3-D graphs and don't understand how to determine the difference of results. "
"Struggle to follow instructions, in person intructors may have been helpful."
"type 1 where to get a false positive because someone just happens to be really good at guessing"
"Human error from your eyesight, lack of care, not reading the instructions, and using the wrong 3-D heat map. "
"People may be color blind. "
"Patterns including the color of the map, or the height of the heat maps could have been too vague or hard to make a decision. Some points could have been missing from the map."
NA
"Potential to have someone color blind in your test group.  You are also pulling from stats classes, so potentially, we have a higher base knowledge than true random sampling."
"Human error, maybe observational error, Systematic or Random?"
"Looking at the wrong figures."
"No direction of how to read the tables. "
"Colorblindness, phone/technology quality, misunderstandings of instructions, lack of depth perception, looking at the wrong model, etc. "
NA
"Whether they understood the assignment, whether they were in a time crunch, whether the data was collected correctly. "
"one source of error would be if a participant was colour blind."
"Operator error (not knowing what the data reads), and inconsistency "
"students not understanding instructions, possible issue with the 3D printed model, or students being tired from being in class"
"If the cubes were in the wrong boxes, it could also be due to human error."
"* People not giving full effort

* portions of the experiment not being completed by the students"
"Possible (but highly unlikely) would be that a participant would choose the wrong model that is asked for and then get inaccurate results for the experiment. "
NA
NA
"There was no insturctions and or examples. "
"If the hypothesis is testing for data outside of just stats students, then that would be sample bias. "
NA
"Differences in devices used to participate in the experiment. 

Different physical devices with different colors and slight inaccuracies in 3D printing.

 "
NA
"Time"
"The imprecision of the rotation in the online 3D model, the different textures on the physical models, color display on the testers computer."
NA
"I think the sources of error are that the experiment is spaced out and the students in the experiment might not take it seriously. "
"Estimation is always a source of error because it is extremely unlikely to estimate the exact answer. There is also the possibility that there could be differences between the computer models and the physical models. "
"The sources of error could be which hall they took the experiment in or if the participant is color blind. "
NA
"If the experiment was not done in person you didnt have access to the 3d printed models "
"The slider thing because it won't let me make a super specific percentage. "
"The error could come from the students answering the questions of the experiment dishonestly. "
"Cheating "
"People could misunderstand the directions, or skip through things and add random values."
"Different eyesight and depth perception abilities of students. Having the experiment worth points may influence students responses. "
NA
"To be honest I am not sure, sources of error could be people interpreting the data differently. "
"I think some of the sources of error are if the test subject uses a phone or a computer to look at the model."
"The sources of error involved in this experiment would be inconsistent data between students, misunderstanding of the expectations of the questions and the experiment, and whether or not the students had access to the 3D heat maps. "
NA
"I think some sources of error could be that some people went in person and saw the figures of the study while some people just did it electronically."
"What blocks the people decided to compare."
"There can be outliers caused by abnormal conditions that are not always congruent. "
"If a student is colorblind and cannot differentiate between depth. 

The group was not random, they were all students in a STATs class. "
"not knowing the amount each block represented "
NA
"Human error is a possibility"
NA
"It is mostly testing statistics students

Individuals may have just put random answers

There are no numbers used on each graph, the individual is asked to estimate using their own judgement "
"Human perception "
"Errors that could affect the experiment is outdated computers and mis-click of the wrong graphs."
"No numerical data given on the graphs or distance marks to gauge quantity. "
"the different variations in the context"
"the 3d prints and incorrect sets"
NA
"None."
NA
"In my opinion, there wasn't any error in this experiment. 

We used the https://shiny.srvanderplas.com/3d-graphics/ in this experiment and it was good. "
"Some students may have not even tried to do the experiment well.   "
"Human error, digital error, physical error. "
"People may accidentally put the wrong shape for the shorter/taller graph. "
"Student may be blind or visually impaired. The internet may give out. The models may be titled wrong."
NA
"Students not participating or just answering without actually paying attention."
"One source of error could be participants incorrectly identifying a shape. For example, a participant may be told to report their estimate on the triangle but accidentally report on the square instead."
NA
"The blocks could be broken in some sets "
NA
"I thought it was talking about the blocks as a whole not the one column at first."
NA
"I think the sources of error involved in the experiment is looking at the figure and just guestimating rather than actually trying to estimate the percentage difference of the compared bar graphs."
"Different environments, accidental answers, wrong kits put down/given, systematic errors (misinterpretation of the experiment). "
"Object conditions have errors"
"One error that could be present is human error. The fact that everyone had to determine how much the other graph was all depends on each persons perception of the graph itself, therefore everyone’s answers could be wildly different due to human error."
"One source of error could be the differences in screen size and formatting between study participants introducing an extra degree of variability in their ability to interpret graphs. Small errors in the 3D printing of sample kits used by study participants could also introduce variability that skews results."
"There are different people might not that sensitive with 2D shapes or 3D models, it makes the data more fuzzy."
"The slider not being entirely accurate, our eyes and the angle of the given physical and perceived graphs on the website. "
"i think some sources of error involved where the understanding of the subject and whether they were doing it as intended. Another one was the wording which was a little confusing. "
"A source of error may be accuracy or lack of effort. During the experiment, I heard a lot of people in confusion who seemed to be rushing through it just to get done. If people were aware of the purpose behind the experiment beforehand, they may have taken their time and attempted to be more accurate. "
"I feel a big source of error could have been the angle in which the 2D presented 3D graphs were shown, as the angle, at least for me, messed up my perception of the graph. "
"I think the source of the error is not paying the participants. Often students when given a survey/ experiment to fill out shortly give up and start guessing the answers ruining the study. For me, I ran a focus group and I brought doughnuts and Casey's Breakfast pizza to make sure the students felt rewarded enough to fill out 6 questions for my business idea. Implement the same thing and make people want to try on this. "
"The sample population. It was only dude on students in a given class. "
"The in-class experiment created a lot of fatigue and confusion for students, which led some of them to give less-than-honest answers. It was also confusing that there was no way to submit an exact 50%. "
"A source of error could have been the 3D printer did not print all the graphs the same which could have caused different data because students would put in different percentages."
"Our depth perception between online and 3D graphs. Also one of our 3D graphs was broken."
NA
"They may be multiple errors or bias in this experiment. For example a few could be measurement error, participant bias, sample bias, or even environmental factors. "
"people are view things differantly "
"Not everyone gets the same set"
NA
"Not having the correct blocks to go with the computer simulation. "
"Honestly, the extent to which the participant cares. In my case, I was taking a moment to compare the bars, but I definitely wasn't taking any great care with it. If I was looking at graphs of potential investments, average salary for different prospective career paths, productivity of different varieties of vegetables for my garden, etc. I would almost certainly have been more careful and deliberate about my observations and answers."
"Sample bias, the participants were all from the same stat 218 class at the time I was partaking in the experiment "
"Sometimes the 3-D figure provided wouldn't match up with the picture on the computer. "
"Different sets of blocks and if they were mad wrong,"
"* It seems there could be a bias in the type of kits and how they are presented for people to chose (example the ones on the top of the box rather than the ones on the bottom of the box) 

* Misinterpretation of the task that students were given. 

* Technical errors and whether the software was working properly. "
"Time the tester took into consideration, the colors of the cubes used maybe"
"Peoples ability to judge the heights and visual impairments."
NA
NA
NA
"That there wasn't somebody seeing if they were doing it right since most people finished faster then others. "
"Unaccounted for differences in the students, errors in the physical models, errors in the digital depictions, etc. "
"Sources of error could include the testing environment, what kit corresponded to their test, etc"
"No random sampling. Only people who were STAT 218 students as well as graphical study department members and their wives. <All people who see graphs on a daily basis (most likely).

 

The 3d printed graphs had both the circle and the triange in the first group of bars unlike the computer images which were separated into different graph groups (A and B). This could cause the data to be skewed into saything that 3d printed graphs are easier to read. but it really is because the bar of comparison and the bar of estimation are right next to eachother only on the 3d printed graphs."
NA
"Sampling, hypothesis testing, and reporting."
"Human error such as going too quickly through the experiment. "
NA
"Standard error"
"Weather a person had computer problems and remembered to attended the experiment. "
"A source of error in the experiment could be colorblindness."
"Some of the 3D objects may be marked wrong. "
"People not taking it seriously and guessing random numbers instead informed guesses on what they actually think is the height difference."
"Human error is definitely involved in this experiment"
"This test does not accurately account for many values that could potentially influence your ability to do it, like spatial reasoning skills."
"Eyesight disadvantages, mental exhaustion, level of effort put in, etc"
"Maybe one source of error involved in this experiment was random error. I think there might have been a chance error between the two observed and true values of what they were testing. I believe this error occurred naturally and is not really a mistake, but rathe apart of measurement variability ."
NA
NA
NA
"Factors like the previous more extended experience of students working with graphs may be majoring in math. "
NA
"How people viewed the shapes and their ability to compare the shapes"
"Possibly the parallax error could have occurred, or the lack of reference points could have been a source of error; also just human judgment, or observer bias."
"For my opinion there are no error that are involved in the experiment."
"students who needed a grade boost might have just randomly guessed. wording of questions could create error. people might have confused the circle and the star, thus putting in the wrong value"
"Sources of error involved in this experiment might be a students ability to interpret values on a bar graph based on the relative size of the bars compared to others. "
"Human error - people reading the blocks correctly/incorrectly, typing the wrong thing

if the technology is working correctly - when moving the bar are you able to get the exact number you want"
NA
NA
"A source of error that I can think owuld be human error. Some of the ID's for the bars in the bottom were similar but you had to pay close attention to the specific number incase you submit the wrong number for another bar. People may confuse the bars so that can cause an error in the experiment. "
NA
NA
NA
NA
"A source of error could possibly be technological issues due to this experiment being done on the computer.

Another source could be human error; for example, I might've put in the wrong code at the beginning of the experiment."
"the computer would jump decimal points and not give an option for all numbers"
NA
"There are always sources of error such as the graphs people were given could vary differently. The setting that people are in might be different. People might have been doing various tasks either before or after that could have determined how quickly or slowly they were taking the test. "
"Possible sources of error could have been a misunderstanding/misinterpretation of the directions by the participant or not having enough variety in the people performing the experiments (e.g., only using college students and not expanding the research to more than one age group). There may have also been a reporting/estimation error if participants were not fully engaged in the activity. "
"Our uncertainties in measurements or calculations is one"
"They are only testing one thing, like they maybe could've also done another experiment to test the same thing which would possibly make the results more clear and concise."
NA
"A source of error could be that people may not understand exactly what they are supposed to do when looking at the graphs, or there may be some sort of bias if one figures out exactly what the experiment is investigating."
"If the person has vision problems."
"Comparision of other groups (non-STAT 218 students)"
"The sample size is small"
NA
NA
"Some sources of error could be not fully understanding the experiment, or not understanding you compare the triangle and circle bars and not the other ones. Another source of error could be the proportion may look different online than in the 3D-printed version."
"The people being doing the experiment may be in a rush which may skew the results. The other could be the slider which took effort to round it to the nearest whole number. "
"Could be affected by the surroundings, or even the mood of the participant."
"They're not exact."
"Not sure if a sampling error could be present or not but the possibility of misinterpretation is most definitely there."
"environmental error: the lighting and space given could skew results. 

human and technology error: giving the incorrect sample at a time. "
"Participants likely inaccurately estimate the sizes of the graphs, but it is also possible that graphs that were 3D printed could not be the size that they were supposed to be due to issues with the printer. "
NA
NA
"Sources of Error:

* Lack of effort from student

* Mental capabilities of student

* Math and ratio knowledge of student

* Lack of time spent on experiment as the person being tested"
"counting incorrectly, misguided perception of judgment, user error "
"The source of error involved was that there was no set numerical value that the observational units knew, rather they had to estimate the value based on the high of the certain bar "
NA
NA
"The physical pieces could get damage or may be incomplete."
"Sources of error could include that of human error as participants could interpret the questions wrong leading to inaccurate data collection."
"Sources of error could include, participant bias, sampling bias, measurement errors when measuring participants' responses, and interpretation errors of experimental instructions. "
NA
"Variables such as student visual skills or students experience with visual measurement could cause skewed results "
NA
"Different points of view (which direction you view the object from), individual guessing."
"Selection bias is a error because if there was a larger sample size, it would have helped establish perceptional distances. Random error is also involved."
"the slide bar to get an accurate number when answering. To incorrectly look at the wrong bar."
"Sources of error in this experiment could include the point of view from which the student is looking at the 3D graphs, rounding estimated value guesses, and rushing through the experiment without carefully considering the value of each bar. "
NA
